README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to My GitHub Profile</h1>

<h2 align="center">Ariella Melnikov | Fullstack/Front-End Developer</h2>

### 💿 About Me

I'm a Fullstack/Front-End Developer with a passion for building things that make a difference. I love tackling challenges, whether it's creating smooth user experiences or developing solid back-end systems. I'm always learning and exploring new tech to keep improving and staying ahead in the field. I believe in practical solutions that work well and make life easier for everyone.

### 👩🏻‍💻 Featured Project

🏆 **Doneday** - A powerful project management tool inspired by Monday.com. Doneday streamlines task organization and enhances team collaboration, making project management more intuitive and effective. Discover the full potential of Doneday [here](https://doneday-9fse.onrender.com/).

### ⚒ Skills & Tools

**Front-End Technologies I work with:**

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=redux" alt="Redux" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vue" alt="Vue" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=angular" alt="Angular" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=typescript" alt="TypeScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sass" alt="SASS" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

**Back-End Technologies I work with:**

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" alt="Node.js" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=express" alt="Express" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb" alt="MongoDB" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

## Let's Get In Touch

I'm always open to connecting with fellow developers, potential collaborators, and employers. Feel free to reach out to me through the following channels:

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ariella-melnikov-0262811b3/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" alt="LinkedIn" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:melnikov.ariella@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail" alt="Gmail" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

added latest project (Tik_Talk)

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to My GitHub Profile</h1>

<h2 align="center">Ariella Melnikov | Fullstack/Front-End Developer</h2>

### 💿 About Me

I'm a Fullstack/Front-End Developer with a passion for building things that make a difference. I love tackling challenges, whether it's creating smooth user experiences or developing solid back-end systems. I'm always learning and exploring new tech to keep improving and staying ahead in the field. I believe in practical solutions that work well and make life easier for everyone.

### 👩🏻‍💻 Featured Project


🏆 **Doneday** - A powerful project management tool inspired by Monday.com. Doneday streamlines task organization and enhances team collaboration, making project management more intuitive and effective. Discover the full potential of Doneday[here](https://doneday-9fse.onrender.com/).

📚 **Tik Talk** - A dynamic website for English courses, tailored to meet specific business needs. Built in collaboration with a designer, Tik Talk offers a seamless user experience with interactive quizzes, course management (signup and purchase), user profiles, blogs, and AI-powered tools for admin site management. The platform combines a robust Node.js backend with a responsive Vue.js front-end to deliver an intuitive learning environment.

🚧 The project is still in progress, but feel free to explore the source code [here](https://github.com/Ariella-Melnikov/Tik_Talk_Il).


### ⚒ Skills & Tools

**Front-End Technologies I work with:**

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=redux" alt="Redux" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vue" alt="Vue" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=angular" alt="Angular" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=typescript" alt="TypeScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sass" alt="SASS" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

**Back-End Technologies I work with:**

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" alt="Node.js" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=express" alt="Express" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb" alt="MongoDB" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

## Let's Get In Touch

I'm always open to connecting with fellow developers, potential collaborators, and employers. Feel free to reach out to me through the following channels:

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ariella-melnikov-0262811b3/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" alt="LinkedIn" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:melnikov.ariella@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail" alt="Gmail" width="40" height="40"/>
  </a>
</p>
